update readme's (#178)
ingonyama-zk/icicle: README.md

Zero Knowledge Proofs (ZKPs) are considered one of the greatest achievements of modern cryptography. Accordingly, ZKPs are expected to disrupt a number of industries and will usher in an era of trustless and privacy preserving services and infrastructure.

> If we want ZK hardware today we have FPGAs or GPUs which are relatively inexpensive. However, the biggest selling point of GPUs is the software; we are referring specifically to CUDA, which simplifies writing code for Nvidia GPUs and taking advantage of their highly parallel architecture. Together with the widespread availability of these devices, if we can get GPUs to work on ZK workloads, then we have made a giant step towards accessible and efficient ZK provers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we want ZK hardware today we have FPGAs or GPUs which are relatively inexpensive. However, the biggest selling point of GPUs is the software; we are referring to CUDA, which simplifies writing code for Nvidia GPUs and takes advantage of their highly parallel architecture. Together with the widespread availability of these devices, if we can get GPUs to work on ZK workloads, then we will have made a giant step towards accessible and efficient ZK provers.
```

## Build and usage

## Prerequisite dependencies
- A compatible Nvidia GPU and corresponding driver installed on your machine.

> - CMake at least version 3.16.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CMake at least version 3.18.
```

- CUDA Toolkit version 12.0 or newer.
- GCC, version 9 or newer recommended.
- Optional: Golang or Rust should also be installed depending on the bindings you plan to use.

## Building 

> 1. Check here [CRV_PARAMS] if we support the curve required by your application (we currently don't support Pasta or Goldilocks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check our [supported curves][CRV_PARAMS] to see if the curve required by your application is supported (we currently don't support Pasta or Goldilocks).
```

> 2. If your curve isn't included in our [CRV_PARAMS], follow the instructions [here](#-Supporting-Additional-Curves).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If your curve isn't included in our [supported curves][CRV_PARAMS], follow the instructions [here](#Supporting-Additional-Curves) to add your own curve.
```

NOTE: If you are using cmake versions < 3.24 add `-DCUDA_ARCH=<target_cumpute_arch>` to the command `cmake -S . -B build`

### Bindings
We support Golang and Rust bindings.

> We offer extensive documentation on them, [Golang bindings][GOLANG_DOCS] and [Rust bindings][RUST_DOCS].

Reviewer: We support Golang and Rust bindings; their documentation on how to build and use them can be found [here][GOLANG_DOCS] and [here][RUST_DOCS] respectively.
